feat: add option to attach view hierarchy (#1191)
getsentry/sentry-native: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

> **Features**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Features**:

```

> - Provide the option to attach a view hierarchy file. ([#1191](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-native/pull/1191))

Author: Should the Changelog also point to the Relay update (https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/4624)?

Reviewer: It is okay if it's only visible from the PR. I only add our forked/vendored dependencies to the changelog. But you can add it if you'd like to.

> - Provide the option to attach a view hierarchy file. ([#1191](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-native/pull/1191))

Reviewer: Sorry for being pedantic, but let's explicitly say for downstream SDKs.
```suggestion
- Provide an option for downstream SDKs to attach a view hierarchy file. ([#1191](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-native/pull/1191))
```
